Xcy's Dragon Cannon super cool of this illustration
car
me
I'm a channel, I think I 'm going to open this guy this time
Pay grade book r お き ゲ ー ム game Limited Edition
Wearing a strong recovery, I will open this time outside Limited Edition
It is back five times in the meaning that it was opened last time is four mari pack
But
This seems to have been a pack that can be purchased with the service for all Weekly Shonen Jump applicants.
Now what cards do you have?
Then let's open it right now What kind of 3 pieces in the land of Malik examination?
I wonder if it contains a card
Minute Maybe pattern pattern eating Hey would you
It is a pattern
3 cards maybe 3 waves
Limited edition who is in limited edition 5 to was a three
Oh Oh dear there have become generous is
xyz dragon cannon xies dragon mother's and then
I Brat Ultra-in it is Kashii Naa old is the ball A'rare specification
Clone replication and silent death
The last is the Victory Dragon's Ultra Oh
It is a prohibited card Even if it is a prohibited card, it looks great
1 piece
I was released from the ban Xess Dragon Cannon super cool of this illustration
Surprised dragon does not mean that contains the card Tteyuu soooo each other like the now become
Hey hey
This time I did not open each other's pack in Limited Edition 5 times.
No limit gel can be used, Victory Dragon no
also leave limit
Although it is supporting singles, the effect of winning the match because it is single
I thought that it was open when I thought that it was really wasteful , but I think that it was really wasteful
Square proud to be delivered to the audience of everyone a moment to open but
If I open it, I'm going to go there again and it will add 5 pieces.
It is when you got out of the all-like public domain pack Please do not open the pros and cons of consumer
We recommend that you keep it for a long time So thank you for watching this time around here
There was